W-10796831: Update docs (#111)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-dates-functions-datetime.adoc

[%header, cols="1,3"]
|===
| Name | Description
| `parts` | `Number` values for `year`, `month`, `day`, `hour`, `minutes`, and
            `seconds` fields followed by a `TimeZone` value for the the `timezone`
            field. Valid values are numbers between 1 and 12 for the `month`,
            1 through 31 for the `day`, 0 through 23 for the `hour`,

>             0 through 59 for `minutes`, and 0 through 59 (not inclusive; the field accepts 59.99, for example) for seconds. You can specify the name-value pairs in any

Reviewer: TODO: CHECK "not inclusive" meaning

>             0 through 59 for `minutes`, and 0 through 59 (not inclusive; the field accepts 59.99, for example) for seconds. You can specify the name-value pairs in any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            0 through 59 for `minutes`, and 0 through 59 (accepts 59.99, for example) for seconds. You can specify the name-value pairs in any
```

Reviewer: added to source, master

>             0 through 59 for `minutes`, and 0 through 59 (not inclusive; the field accepts 59.99, for example) for seconds. You can specify the name-value pairs in any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            0 through 59 for `minutes`, and 0 through 59 (including decimals, such as 59.99) for seconds. You can specify the name-value pairs in any
```

output application/json
---
{

>     newDateTime: dateTime({year: 2012, month: 10, day: 11, hour: 12, minutes: 30, seconds: 40 , timeZone: &#124;-03:00&#124;})

Reviewer: TODO: CHECK if the HTML code gets transformed to a pipe in this example, prob not.

Reviewer: fixed in source, master

>     newDateTime: dateTime({year: 2012, month: 10, day: 11, hour: 12, minutes: 30, seconds: 40 , timeZone: &#124;-03:00&#124;})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    newDateTime: dateTime({year: 2012, month: 10, day: 11, hour: 12, minutes: 30, seconds: 40 , timeZone: |-03:00|})
```

Reviewer: fixed in source, master

>     newDateTime: dateTime({year: 2012, month: 10, day: 11, hour: 12, minutes: 30, seconds: 40 , timeZone: &#124;-03:00&#124;})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    newDateTime: dateTime({year: 2012, month: 10, day: 11, hour: 12, minutes: 30, seconds: 40 , timeZone: |-03:00|})
```
